docs/faq.md, before:

# Frequently asked questions
On this document we will try to address most of the common questions/issues that most people run into when they are using the NWNXEE Template base project. To this end, we have split the questions in three categories:
* Linux
* Windows
* Other

The first two cover each individual operating system issues, so you will find issues specific to those platforms only. On the "Other" section you will find things that can happen on both platforms, or some miscellaneous issues that might arise.

## Linux
(This section is yet to be filled. We will once we have more feedback from users :P)

## Windows
### Should I enable "Experimental Features" on Docker for Windows?
As a rule of thumb, we highly recommend **enabling** this on Docker, since some features of NWNXEE require this set to enabled. If you are unsure if your setup has this enabled, on *Docker for Windows* system tray icon, right click and select *Settings*. Once inside, find *Daemon* and you will see a check box called with "Experimental Features". Make sure this is selected.

### Issues when pulling images from Docker Hub
This issue happens whenever you do ```docker-compose up```, or similar command. If you get the following error message (Or something that really looks like this) then you are having this issue!

```
F:\nwnxee-template-master>docker-compose up Pulling db (mysql/mysql-server:5.7)... 
ERROR: Get https://registry-1.docker.io/v2/mysql/mysql-server/manifests/5.7: unauthorized: incorrect username or password
```

In order to solve this you have to run ```docker logout``` and make sure that you've logged out from your Docker Hub account. In general, you will **NEVER** need to login using nwnxee-template to pull Docker images. But if you still need it, you need to login with your username / password, insted of e-mail /password.

**Source** <br />
[Docker Forums Thread](https://forums.docker.com/t/unauthorized-incorrect-username-or-password/35677)

## Other
(This section is yet to be filled. We will once we have more feedback from users :P)

Commit message:

Added Docker images update process

docs/faq.md, after:

# Frequently asked questions
On this document we will try to address most of the common questions/issues that most people run into when they are using the NWNXEE Template base project. To this end, we have split the questions in three categories:
* Linux
* Windows
* Other

The first two cover each individual operating system issues, so you will find issues specific to those platforms only. On the "Other" section you will find things that can happen on both platforms, or some miscellaneous issues that might arise.

## Linux
(This section is yet to be filled. We will once we have more feedback from users :P)

## Windows
### Should I enable "Experimental Features" on Docker for Windows?
As a rule of thumb, we highly recommend **enabling** this on Docker, since some features of NWNXEE require this set to enabled. If you are unsure if your setup has this enabled, on *Docker for Windows* system tray icon, right click and select *Settings*. Once inside, find *Daemon* and you will see a check box called with "Experimental Features". Make sure this is selected.

### Issues when pulling images from Docker Hub
This issue happens whenever you do ```docker-compose up```, or similar command. If you get the following error message (Or something that really looks like this) then you are having this issue!

```
F:\nwnxee-template-master>docker-compose up Pulling db (mysql/mysql-server:5.7)... 
ERROR: Get https://registry-1.docker.io/v2/mysql/mysql-server/manifests/5.7: unauthorized: incorrect username or password
```

In order to solve this you have to run ```docker logout``` and make sure that you've logged out from your Docker Hub account. In general, you will **NEVER** need to login using nwnxee-template to pull Docker images. But if you still need it, you need to login with your username / password, insted of e-mail /password.

## Docker
### What do I do if there's a new NWNXEE / NWserver version?
In order to update a Docker image we would run the ``docker pull`` command. In our specific case, we want to update NWNXEE and NWserver, so we would run:

```
docker pull nwnxee/unified
```

After this, you would have the latest NWNXEE and NWserver image on your host, but in order to update your server you would need to restart your ``docker-compose``. In order to do that just run these commands one after another, from the same location where your ``docker-compose.yml`` file is located:

```
docker-compose down
docker-compose up
```
After this, your server NWNXEE and NWServer version should be updated to the latest version!

**Source** <br />
[Docker Forums Thread](https://forums.docker.com/t/unauthorized-incorrect-username-or-password/35677)

## Other
(This section is yet to be filled. We will once we have more feedback from users :P)
